Do you know how to come back?
Who called you my mother?
This is three months of living expenses. Who is he?
He's my boyfriend!
Let me introduce you
His name is Zhang Boran
I don't care, I actually have a boyfriend, what do you want to say?
I know I'm sorry for you.
It's me who is weak and incompetent as a mother
But I raised you anyway
You are promising now
After calling a boyfriend, there will be children
But have you ever thought that without me
Can you have everything you have now?
No.
Without you, I wouldn't even have a chance to be born
How can I be so happy?
So you give me this money
Tang Jian, don't think I don't know that you are a famous lawyer
Lawyers earn about the same
You do it
Heaven will see.
Then let God see
Aren't you afraid that your future children will do the same to you?
Then do you think I will pretend to treat you for fear that my children will see it?
I am an incompetent woman
It's good that I didn't let you die at your dad's hands
What else do you want from me?
I don't dislike your incompetence.
But please don't use your incompetence as an excuse to kidnap me morally
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Maybe I didn't practice enough
I owe him one.
But the opening was hollowed out
I was terrified to see him.
It used to be a transfer every time.
Why am I today
Let me show you my past
Our children will be very happy
Because we all understand
I love you too.